## Introduction

The entire application requires a series of work from development to launch, including domain name registration, ICP filing, opening a developer account, App filing, development, testing, listing, review, and promotion

## Domain name

When registering and purchasing domain names with domain name service providers, individuals or companies give preference to .com types of domain names, and specific domain names such as .org are purchased cautiously, and there are corresponding qualifications or approval conditions for filing, and some domain names with suffix may not be able to be recorded. For special domain names, it is recommended to check the website of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology to check whether the ICP filing is supported.

## ICP filing

First, select whether to file for an individual or an enterprise. After the domain name is purchased, real-name authentication is required, and the authentication information must be consistent with the ICP filing.

There are various types of ICP filings, including domain name ICP filing, App ICP filing, Mini Program ICP filing, etc., and Hongmeng Yuan service ICP filing is currently handled as App ICP filing, and the process of the two is the same.
Here, we will talk about how to log in to the operator's ICP filing system, such as Alibaba Cloud, enter the ICP filing, fill in the enterprise information, enterprise legal person certificate information and ID photo, website or app person in charge of the certificate information and ID photo, and verify two mobile phone numbers at the same time.
If it is an app filing, you need to fill in the application information, such as the application name, package name, icon, fingerprint, and signature information.
After submitting the information, the ICP filing service provider will call to verify the information, and Alibaba Cloud will ask for the last six digits of my ID number.

After the service provider is approved, it will submit the filing information to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and will receive a text message at that time, log in to the website of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, fill in the last 6 digits of the enterprise legal person ID number and the last 6 digits of the person in charge, as well as this verification code, and pass the verification.

The requirements of the authorities in different regions are different, some regions require that the person in charge of the website/app must be the person, while others do not require it, and can extract and ask the filing service provider.

## Equipment

Huawei phones are expensive, and for some developers, if the main phone is not Huawei, it may be a big expense. The decision is based on your own situation.

If you only use ArkTs to develop native HarmonyOS applications, you can consider using emulators, which can meet the requirements and have high availability.

If you're comfortable with a cross-terminal development framework, such as Flutter, or if you're designed to interact with the underlying APIs of the system, or manipulate hardware, you need to consider having a real machine.

For devices, the Mate60 series is preferred, including Mate60, Mate60Pro, etc., and the price is not sensitive to consider Mate70 and new models. Secondly, consider the nova series, and again consider the MatePad, etc. If you think the new machine is expensive, you can consider Xianyu second-hand, and confirm that you can upgrade to NEXT normally before purchasing. Check the upgrade plan on the developer's official website to ensure that the model supports Next, and ask the seller that the system is unlocked, so you can upgrade it normally.

At present, most applications are preferentially adapted to the mobile phone, and there are fewer applications on the matepad, even if they are used for development, there is a certain difference in perception between the two, involving screen size adaptation, especially need to pay attention, and it is easy to be rejected during the inevitable review process.

## Dev Testing

In order to improve development efficiency, you can use the preview function to preview the currently developed page or component in real time, and then use the simulator or real machine to debug the module after the module is developed.

If you need to use it, modify the operation configuration first, and then manually click the H hot reload icon. If you want to save auto-refresh, in Settings, find Auto Save and enable it there.

If the application needs to access the network, configure the network access permission in the module.json5 file. For meta services, you also need to enable "Exemption from Meta Service in Development" in the developer options of the device, and configure the request domain name in the project configuration of AGC when it is listed.

## Listing review

When you put it on the shelf, if you check the Compatible Tablet, make sure you have tested it on the tablet, or you have enough to make me have no adaptation issues. Reviewers will use a tablet to scrutinize your app, and if they find an issue, your app won't be available.

It can provide self-test screen recording to improve the approval rate. If the app is designed or used in a special way, it's a good idea to detail the reason in the remarks so that the reviewer can fully understand.

When putting on the shelves, fill in all the information truthfully, apply the classification and labels properly, package and use the production certificate, do not make the wrong version when uploading the package and checking the box, and delete the software packages that are not used on the AGC even if they are deleted to avoid confusion. Even if you click Save when filling in the information, you will avoid losing the information due to the webpage jump during the boot.

After the submission is successful, the system will first conduct a pre-review, which belongs to the machine review, and wait for about one or two hours, and you will receive a notification email if the review is passed or not. Then enter a relatively long waiting period for review, and the review time is generally working days, including Saturday and Sunday. Accordingly, the arraignment time can be reasonably arranged, and the review can be submitted in advance.

The public beta version and the official version have the same review process and are independent of each other.

Each submission may have different reviewers, different issues found, different people, and different times.

The first time the app is on the shelves, the review is relatively relaxed, and the review may become more stringent if it is upgraded again.

## References

https://domain.miit.gov.cn/